this is why Vicente is with us
martínez is for me a joy because
I know from the process by which he has
past the nice things that the Lord has
done and I've heard what I've heard
him and I also read his book this the
metamorphosis of a man who is
true that it was a man written in a
Written book not written plus none
Look over there so do not let us know
now when when you take your part those
books but at least I told them to
he talks about his testimonies and something else
cute that God has done in which I
I'm going to leave here so that then
the avalanches and the days some little things
those that the Lord has done
glory in your good morning that gentlemen
good afternoon, good sir
bless me I enjoy and take it day thinking
come here and when I entered there was a
presence of god I found the
unity anointed the sir my business
business there is a presence of god very
nice for those who do not know me
they call vicente good I call myself vicente
martínez taxes and co call me the
bold with you they call me min jin
qing and then can a word that that
Well, it said on my television show
there and put this hit for those who do not
they know me
before this black chocolate I had a
experience with the Lord 25 years ago
in 88 but when I came to the
gospel I came dressed as a woman I
I had a breast I was a transvestite called me
priscila and at this moment it came from what
that was prostitution and drugs and
of having been imprisoned in the city
from new york but you know one thing
25 years ago I am in a place that
called the collector in santurce was
consuming marijuana I started to
speak to me or that god is a talking god
sometimes we look for the people of
according to what we see that we do not know
the story behind that
person me before coming transvestism
I came from a home in which when
I was five years old I saw my mom with
my dad
one big domestic violence too
a home in which you believe in the
spiritualism and sometimes santería
we look for darkness so that
fingers and only the darkness that
they can antifog the light will be nothing more
they do not give them Jesus Christ the Lord says
come to me all those who worked
and charged and I will give you rest and God
is a restoration god and you know
one thing at age 11 asked the two for
a dress that was fifty-something
years and that led me to what it was
curse and end the transvestism of
which had breasts when the
gospel and just like in the hips and
it was supposedly a woman was not a
woman because Christ did not make me
woman made me man and god is powerful
he is not wrong is what to give but
do 25 years I had that experience with
the gentleman in whom the gentleman told me
go home for your morning you have
to work and in that moment I
make-up artist on channel 4
we are still she worked as
makeup artist in that place when I get to
my house I feel that voice that tells me
will not come back now I was with
two boys that were my best
friends
they were that too but I christian
of man and I dressed as a woman and with
climb the ladder I thought the effect
of the marijuana I had consumed
they left me at one in the morning and
at three in the morning they killed us
them because God saved me and not a
they I do not know after god precise
that those loved me and in that moment
I started looking for God because I
I thought I could take out a person
grief and take a rest because
a woman dress me to me
they hired around the neighborhood to
express the rosaries so that people
he died so that I send him to the
glory when I myself did not have the step
of glory but god is a god
mighty because God makes god knows the
heart to me I never forget that to a
dressed as a woman and I was asking
the people of jesus christ because the initial
It's the Lord's day and my aunt spoke to me
of the Lord and I dressed as a woman in new
york I said people convert to
christ look for christ and people
they watched as you convert from your first
but you about things god is a god of
I graze a wonderful god and they make 25
years that he had an experience not with a
attention of the language in the search
of the 15 goodbye words of the script we
saves
you know one thing I had a
experience with the great is laws and
Lord of lords and I search to death
many ways through telling you a
broth and get off a car through
the prostitution of so many drugs
things but there is a love that you know
that is the love of Jesus Christ a love that
it's perfect that he loves you just like you
you are and in the middle of the process today I am
who am i
You have Vicente today Vicente today in
day what people gave everything today
People love me but do not love Vicente
they love what Jesus did in vicente you know
one thing in me has fulfilled what
says the word that 2000 and the discarded
he chose god to shame the wise
glory jesus glory to god glory to god
and you know one thing from that experience
that I had 25 years ago has not been a
tour there is a big tennis as with a pen
of butter the way of the Lord but
God never told you here that I'm going to
sound genitalium that the lord tell you
when it passes through the waters
with you and goes through the town calling
to the demented you that good thing vicente
esqueda van de co2 that my mom told me
me you'll never reached anything your
You are crap You do not serve I learned
that my mom could also be wrong
because the Lord tells you I know
thoughts that I have about
you thoughts of good and not of
wrong because god is a powerful god
you that good thing today I have
a line of hair products that
they sell a bad Puerto Rico goal with the
My photo is called Vicente Martínez
that in the back says god is
well nowadays I have a program
radio in puerto rico in which people
He calls me to tell him about his problems with
works because despite the individual
I also have a segment a program
secure something that both work in the
secular world like the Christian world in
which I also talk about beauty I'm
in puerto rico univision with a segment
of beauty I also have a program of
trip in which day two the destinations and
I'm the house of that program I write
for a decoration magazine with two
one change of image columns and others
of motivation but not only that in
these days I come with a fourth book that
Vicente is called a life of film and
of this book roselyn sanchez is going to
produce an advanced movie in my
testimony you know one thing god is a
mighty god a merciful god a
god skin and true
sometimes we say sir I'm
going through this test but you about
the thing god is perfect and god does not know
wrong in what makes you feel once
driving my car the man told me not to
you make me so much emphasis on which one you
outside to me I emphasize the inside
to God what impressing in the image
you from outside what impresses you in
your heart there was a man of means who
He heard the voice of God and said in front of
I am God's anointed when he saw the
the firstborn of the house of Isa and the
lord of iu where he measures his opinion i do not
I look what man looks at man
look what's in front of your eyes I look
the heart my slogan in my program
radio is the image from outside the
impression to man but your heart the
impression to god you know one thing to be
special god is a god of love a god
who loves us a god who has all the
patience in the world once I
I found the male of God in the
airport that I arrived at the airport
to meet him because I do
20 trips today a lot of my things
Today in my mind and never forget me is
I forgot some words that he told me
they knocked me down and that's what made me
a lot of support in this way
there is no condemnation for those who
they are in christ jesus god knows your
processes god is not in a hurry with you
I do not know if you knew that God is eternal and
as he is eternal in no hurry the
desperate are we who want
God change us now for now
you know one thing if people do not have
patience with you and they take you who
will take the race you get lucky
Say you forgive the inconveniences
but we are under construction that the
Lord bless you